welcome to Whitehorse music my name is
Richard for dinner and I'm co-owner of
this wonderful shop with my lovely wife
Michelle budino we are here today to
interview the $1500 price range violins
we're fresh from our interview of the
thousand dollar violins the gleeg one
and the pesad 400 we're sticking with
the same two brands but gleeg a
professional and a sold 800 we're hoping
to hear once again more even more depth
than more power and more evenness and
more beauty to the sound so let's hope
we hear this okay first of all we have
the gallagher professional violin $1,500
goodness gracious that's like drinking
Heinz chunky soup or something like that
is anything it's like playing a viola I
don't know if you can hear that through
the camera but though the thickness of
that sound is incredible I'll play it
one more time and then move straight
over on to the pace of 800 violin play
sold 815 95 including workhorse music's
wonderful setup please go back and look
at our setup information video to find
out more information about what a white
horse music setup does to a violin I'll
stop talking about that alright let's
see this one and then that one let's go
that's Kyle any of the textbooks
okay now that apart from being tuned
about half a semitone higher this violin
has more sustain a little bit more
brilliance to the sound more strength
possibly a little bit more strength but
definitely not the mellowness of the
gligar once again just as in the
thousand dollar price range and the $500
price range the glee ger is the one that
has that mellow sort of sound so you
want an extremely mellow warm thick
soupy sort of ass and the collegia
professional is the one for you if you
want slightly more soloists slow lowest
exhorting a sound a brighter more
ringing sort of sound then the pace all
800 for you is for you and it's amazing
how it's been consistent throughout the
different price ranges I'm going to play
them once again because I just want to
I'll play them straight after each other
this is the pace all 800
deeper more milky sort of a sound there
you go
these are our two most popular ones in
this price range they're both fantastic
buy them both no I'm just joking they
both get the thumbs-up from lightforce
music